docs: adding Java reference to supported languages doc (#881)
Bearer/bearer: docs/reference/supported-languages.md

| Languages               | Supported |
| ----------------------- | --------- |
| Ruby                    | ✅         |
| JavaScript              | ✅         |

> | TypeScript              | ✅         |

Reviewer: Is there a reason to separate them? We treat their rules as one, so it may be confusing to split them up elsewhere.

Author: > Is there a reason to separate them? We treat their rules as one, so it may be confusing to split them up elsewhere.

I think it clarifies things, because this is not the last one where we have this, for e.g Java and Scala etc.

| Java                    | 🚧 *Under active development*         |

We are working on adding more languages in the coming months, especially PHP, C#, Go, and Python.

> [Let us](https://discord.com/invite/eaHZBJUXRF) know which language you'd like to see coming first.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us know [on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/eaHZBJUXRF) which language you'd like to see next.   
```
